Gwenevere Abriel: Amy.
Can you
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go in the garage. Now that isn't enough days now. So I think we're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Claire is adorable.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's so cute. I'm gonna try that.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little brain action because I'm not going to be getting any highlights done. I'm going to be stuck in here.
Jaime C: Right.
Jaime C: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And truth shall be revealed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I always say, I'm gonna go get my low lights, put in and like y'all came on.
Sure you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're going stir crazy or what
Jaime C: Well workout still keeping me busy so
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's interesting. I hear a lot of people say all this work in a hotel has been cancelled. So their jobs are coming to an end, or if you had to kind of lay people off or yours just carries on like normal what's going on.
Jaime C: I know I've had to while we're putting them on furlough
Jaime C: Hello. Yeah, and
Jaime C: So because I'm the only person here on this property that's on salary. I'm working most shifts myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Lucky you.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now inside of the salaried employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so what about the dynamics of hey, what about this promotion and which state, am I going to move to is everything on a screeching halt.
Jaime C: How you do it around us. Yeah, everything's definitely in a halt. They the company as a whole, isn't hiring isn't transferring anything like that and they
Jaime C: The hiring managers are actually a couple of them how reached out to me and they did tell me that
Jaime C: What I have working against me right now is the company decided to sell 125 more properties. So that's 125
Jaime C: GM that are looking for other positions.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sucks.
Jaime C: Yeah tude
Okay.
Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any sunny side to this.
Jaime C: Just, I mean, just that I have definitely put got my name out there with the regional managers and the hiring managers and they all you know or know me by name and have all spoke very highly of you so
Jaime C: I think that I don't think it's going to hurt me as much as it sounds, I guess.
Jaime C: But we will see, I'm sure I'm sure that the sale on the property that I'm at now is probably going to be postponed.
Gwenevere Abriel: How was your relationship with your son.
Jaime C: Or good he's had a rough couple weeks, but they're good.
Jaime C: And
Jaime C: We had to put the dog down his dog down
Jaime C: So we've been staying at the hotel because my house isn't ready till the first so
Jaime C: I was working a desk one day and his girlfriend came to the desk like oh worried and it panic and she said, Taylor need your help.
Jaime C: And I was like, what's going on. And she said, the dog is just freaking out. I was like, what the heck. So I went to the room.
Jaime C: And I'm like standing in the doorway and the dogs in the cage that candle and he's just sitting there barking and kind of like being weird. I don't know what it is. I don't know. It was just weird.
Jaime C: And the other dog without and me and my son are facing each other, talking and the other dog had jumped up on the table to get us food. And I said, Hey, I was about ready to get your food.
Jaime C: And as soon as he turned around to go get her. The gate opened up.
Jaime C: On the at the where the dog was the gate opened up and the dog just came flying out freaking out and he went after my kid, kind of, he got them in the back of the
Jaime C: Calf here. So I just threw myself on top of that dog, and he latched onto my arm and just shook. He just would not let go.
Jaime C: And I just kept hitting him and hitting him and he wasn't letting go and he latched onto this arm that was hitting him. And so finally, my son was able to like throw him off of me and then we booked out of the room and left the dog in there.
Jaime C: It was just crazy. And so we had to call the ambulance. We had to call animal control. I mean, my, my arms were tore up pretty bad and
Jaime C: So Animal Control got them out of the room and and took them.
Jaime C: Really sad.
Yeah.
Jaime C: I'm just glad I didn't get my son like that and that I was there, I am very grateful for the way that it did turn out. It could have been a whole lot worse.
Jaime C: I mean, I was when I was fighting with him. I was on the ground on my side. And all I keep thinking about is, what if you would have latched onto my neck or you know even all bad. So I am grateful for the way that it did. No.
Jaime C: It's really um
Jaime C: I didn't realize how traumatizing. I guess it was for me until the last couple days. Every time I like think about it. I can feel my heart racing and just get anxious and
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the thoughts that are going with the heart racing. What is it making you think about
Jaime C: I just keep like replaying the situation and, you know, I just feel for the dog. I feel for my son. I just just sad. I hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you feel for your son, and you feel for your dog and in the replay. Are you in the replay. Are you in the imagery
Jaime C: Yeah, yeah, I just
Jaime C: Like when I do think about it. I keep I think about how much worse that could have been, like, what could have happened.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how distressed from you right now zero to 100
Jaime C: About the situation or life in general.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just right now.
Jaime C: Um, I've actually been feeling pretty very anxious, the last few days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's give it a number, so I can kind of get a range of that.
Jaime C: I would say like a eight so
At
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero to 100. Okay, so, yeah. So in general, at and when you just now are thinking about replaying that it the imagery feeling for sun feeling for dog and replaying what happened to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How distressing is that imagery
Jaime C: Be I am you know go up to about a 90 probably 95
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you want to do some some desensitizes around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could do a couple of different things. Because you had an actual what I call shock trauma. It's an isolated event.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me ask you, let me rewind when you just now. And you said, you know, I've been feeling anxious. We're exactly where you feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: The anxiousness. This is very specific around the body. Did you
Jaime C: Did you notice like my heart races. I can feel it in my chest. My heart races and
Jaime C: I feel like I get
Jaime C: I can see
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This this intervention that I'd like to do with you is difficult because I can't see your body
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically I can see people and I can pick up on really subtle movements that are going on, but I can't. I can't see yours. I can't tell foot knee hand arms. I can't see what's going on.
Jaime C: Well, when you went through that I am shaking my foot. Okay.
Jaime C: Which foot
Jaime C: My right foot.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're naming this emotion as anxious and
Gwenevere Abriel: He said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Has there been any any intrusion into nightmares and dreams.
Jaime C: No.
Jaime C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw you doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you turn the screen down just a little bit so I only see the top of your forehead, which doesn't change much throughout a session and down because or we don't do much up here in the top
Gwenevere Abriel: The graph. Yeah, that's good. What, what, what was the emotion again when you were defending yourself with a dog.
Jaime C: Like when I think about it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you just did it earlier you said, and he latched on
Jaime C: Yeah, he just he latched on there and just
Gwenevere Abriel: On the right arm.
Jaime C: Left, left arm.
So here
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're holding it now.
Jaime C: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you hold it when you just sort of have it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which to notice more how the arm feels or the hand how the hand feels
Jaime C: Really my arm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Arm how's it doing
Jaime C: It's much better.
Jaime C: Yeah, I mean the healings good and
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it could have been worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said that it also went to the
Gwenevere Abriel: Other he went from left and he then he
Jaime C: You early
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's how's this one.
Jaime C: How is it healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how's it going
Jaime C: Yeah, much better.
Jaime C: They are much, much better.
Jaime C: They still leaks and stuff, but they're much better. Right. It's probably hard for you to see how
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks like almost like a tattooing or
Gwenevere Abriel: really subtle. I imagine it's not subtle. No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that's a much worse. What is it that you picture could have happened.
Jaime C: That I wasn't there, and he got my kid.
Jaime C: And I wasn't wasn't going to be there to help him.
Jaime C: And what I think I just I think about that scenario.
Jaime C: And me laying on the ground and just him getting my neck. Instead of my other hand
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Worry about me. What do you worry about
Jaime C: I'm sorry, what did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you do worry about the dog when you replay. I feel for my son, and for the dog. What do you play out with the dog.
Jaime C: I just feel bad that he had to be put down
Jaime C: I feel bad that
Jaime C: I just feel bad for him. I feel bad that he was like that I feel bad that
Jaime C: I don't know that if he was scared or what was going on with him, but I just feel bad. I feel bad that
Jaime C: We had to put him down.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have a hypothesis about what he was scared of
Jaime C: I don't
Jaime C: I just know that
Jaime C: Last summer, when I was working out of town. He was hit by a car and it didn't like run him over, but it knocked him. Mm hmm. Always. And ever since then. He just has been a whole different dog. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've mentioned dog behavior. It's in my mind like
Gwenevere Abriel: He was behaving in a particular way with your son. It's in my memory. I don't know what it was and it wasn't a positive, it was, it was a negative thing and I can't remember what the stories were, but I remember
Jaime C: Uh, he's he's snapped at my son before
Gwenevere Abriel: That might have been it
Yeah.
Jaime C: And we talked about getting rid of the dog before
Jaime C: But I just never
Jaime C: In a million years, never would have thought he would have attacked us like that.
Jaime C: never would have thought
Gwenevere Abriel: I am so so sorry.
Jaime C: Go ahead. I feel like there's just something
Jaime C: Wrong with the dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he was with another animal right
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he was behaving differently or the same
Jaime C: The other animal
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jaime C: He was behaving the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Barking it's unfair thing.
Jaime C: No, I mean, all right. I'm sorry. No, she she wasn't barking at anything she was just calming normal
Jaime C: Freaking out in the cage.
Jaime C: I don't know if they're not, they're used to running around outside all day every day. I don't know.
Jaime C: I mean, it's been a couple days that we were at the hotel. So I don't know, maybe he just, I don't know, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Being cooped up you're suspecting may somehow have and maybe this accident, maybe some brain injury.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that makes sense.
Wow.
Jaime C: I just never would have thought I never would have thought he would hurt either one of us like that.
Jaime C: It's baffling to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much of the day do you spend going through these memories.
Jaime C: The last couple days. I feel like it's been a lot
Jaime C: I just, I feel stressed out about everything will be
Jaime C: Honest. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is just one of several things.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe before you had
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a routine of doing some things. And now you don't have that available to what what routine has changed.
Jaime C: I'm
Jaime C: Just
Jaime C: I mean it's it's hard, living in a hotel.
Jaime C: I don't get to come home and you know cook dinner for Taylor or
Jaime C: We don't get to, you know, take the dog for a walk or anything. We just
Jaime C: And I'm just slammed with work constantly especially being here on property. It's a lot easier for
Jaime C: Employees to reach out to me for silly things
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much of this is with with Taylor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And cooking. Is it the preparation time hanging out with them doing that. That's the unwinding part
Jaime C: Now, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just checking to see if it was connection time with him, or if it was you unwinding.
Jaime C: Or is probably both little bit of both.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what, how are you hanging out with Taylor. How do you get to hang with him.
Jaime C: Um,
Jaime C: Lately, we just
Jaime C: We kind of don't
Jaime C: Know I'm just, I'm working a lot. And then he has a separate room that are you do. Um, and so, like, he'll come over to this room and hanging out with me. You know, we were watching Family Guy. We watched an episode of Family Guy. The other day together but
Jaime C: Yeah, he's definitely consumed with spending his time with his girlfriend lately.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where she's saying.
Jaime C: chillin at home, but she's here a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about you and
Gwenevere Abriel: The breakout together break up together you together broken up, what's the status with your relationship.
Jaime C: Yeah, we're not together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And are you feeling some of that as well. Do you think
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, like who does Jamie get to talk to
Gwenevere Abriel: Who do you get to talk to
Jaime C: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you haven't seen me at all, long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot going on.
Jaime C: Yeah, it's definitely
Jaime C: Life changing
Jaime C: You have to learn just different behaviors and you have to learn how to live without certain things.
Like what do you need to live.
Jaime C: Well, I mean, it was nice feeling like I was loved by somebody
Jaime C: It was nice getting that attention every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that daily text of how was your day, or I love you and just touching base, at least at least touching base.
Knowing right
Jaime C: Right. And I, you know, anytime there was something stressful going on or work or something. I can always just event to him and he was easy to talk to. And very smart and just felt better.
Jaime C: I felt good to run to him and vent to him and
Jaime C: So it feels different. Not having them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is she consumed and preoccupied with things that she's kind of an unavailable buddy at this point.
Jaime C: She just has she just has a lot going, yeah.
Jaime C: I mean, I kind of talked her. I do. It's just different with her. She's got a lot going on, you know, it's not like we have like quality conversations, I guess, cuz she has. She has two toddlers. She's very busy.
Jaime C: And you know, it's hard to get into deep conversations, I guess, or even to event because she's distracted while we're on the phone or yeah it's just not. It's just different.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the workplace, you are on property.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anyone who you could risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Developing a friendship with that wouldn't feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: dual role where you mix too much with friendship with working can get really sideways pretty quickly. But, and you run seen anyone where you might be nice to are safe, even to talk and develop a friendship.
Jaime C: I mean, my boss Melissa and I, we have good conversations like I trust her that way. She was just very overbearing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she's almost there. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been incidents with her where she hasn't kind of been on your side.
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes me wonder if she's someone giving you can't vent about work really me maybe talk about a couple of employees, but sometimes it's her behavior that you want to vent about
Jaime C: Yeah, and she just
Jaime C: Like if you were so if i if she gives you advice and you don't go with her advice. I mean, you have to hear about it for weeks. It's annoying. Yeah.
Jaime C: Something's like go to her about in summer camp.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're not getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Ongoing connection with a boyfriend. You're not getting ongoing connection really from sister, you're not getting it from your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that might be part of this this anxiousness
No one.
Jaime C: Wakes up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your ideas about how to make a change around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one in the family. You want to reconnect to this might be a time right with the crisis going on we this is when we can either get closer, we can get further away tonight.
Jaime C: When my brother, my brother and I, you know, our relationship has been
Jaime C: non existent for years, but he finally did start reaching out to me, within the last couple weeks.
Jaime C: He asked me about Greg said me. I was really surprised.
Jaime C: He was asking me about Greg and kind of talking that out with me.
Jaime C: So I think it probably be I probably could take advantage of that of this time and reconnect with my brother. We were always really very close as kids and in our early 20s. And then once I kind of was in active addiction. He didn't want anything to do with that and
Jaime C: We just haven't had a relationship. Since I guess.
Why he called
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple weeks ago. Well, this is reason for calling.
Jaime C: To tell me that he, him and his wife are pregnant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that's good news. How exciting.
Jaime C: And he's, he, he has two other kids well his oldest son is the same age as Taylor, but his daughter. He didn't call me and tell me about her, but I would, I was also an active addiction, at the time, but
Jaime C: It's definitely a huge change and my brother reach out to me for that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he seem like someone who could listen without judging if you did want to just bent
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's, let's just see if it's really
A place you could do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a pocket of content that you worry he might judge you around.
Jaime C: Just, I mean, just when it comes to addiction. I think he's just not understanding of that her
Jaime C: How everything else in life. I could probably I could go to him. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: And addiction, do you define it as
Gwenevere Abriel: I used a substance.
Gwenevere Abriel: To mask my feelings. I use a substance to mask. My grief. I used a substance to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get high not accept reality cope with things I did. I didn't want look at. That's something he can't accept
Jaime C: I think he Yeah he can he just because my brother knows
Jaime C: I mean, him and I were molested, same time at the same person. So we do have that
Jaime C: Connection there and him and I have talked about it in the past.
Jaime C: But the way he sees it is
Jaime C: If he was molested by the same person, same time and you didn't get into addiction. He never became an addict.
Jaime C: Then why did I have to
Jaime C: Like he just doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do
Gwenevere Abriel: With that, we can dip into what he does with it. But how do you respond in a sense, not. I don't care what you really said to him, but like in here. What's your opinion about what he said.
Jaime C: That's ridiculous.
Jaime C: Yeah, that would be great if I could have lived life and not have to become an addict. That would have been great if I didn't have to have that pain, my whole life. I wish I could have stopped at like he did, but
Jaime C: I don't know what to tell him I don't know how to feel about that. I'm just a different person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's typically over in one sneeze, we should be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he stuffed it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Jaime C: He says that he doesn't remember it happening until him and I started talking about it when I was 38 years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what he did was, it was repressed, which means it was completely out of the consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he was how old when the
Gwenevere Abriel: perpetration was happening when he was, he
Jaime C: So I was
Jaime C: Four or five and six. So he and he's two years older than I am.
Jaime C: So 678
Jaime C: Rather
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the likelihood that he would remember it is so much higher than you, because he was old right
Jaime C: He says he remembers that clear as day now.
You know what the irony is
Gwenevere Abriel: His brain somehow shut it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've had to deal with it in your memory. HE HASN'T HAD TO IT WAS OUT
Gwenevere Abriel: You've had a harder time because it's been in your consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does make me wonder how it might have showed up on him before you're saying he's never had any physical illness and you know for sure there's no compulsive behaviors that you know us right but do we really know
Jaime C: I mean, there was a point in time where he was drinking a lot
Jaime C: And he works out like a madman.
Jaime C: So it could very well be those behaviors. I don't know how much he drinks now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what's a lot
Jaime C: Like every night he would have probably three or four drinks and he drinks whiskey.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's works out like a madman. What is that
Jaime C: Like when he's at home and not doing anything that's why he is doing. He has a gym in his garage you works out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, right. That's kind of what I want to know constantly tell me what what does that really mean like
Jaime C: I feel like, from what I've seen is anytime. He's easy, they're at home working out or he's at work like he's when he's at home. That's what he's doing. He's in his garage working out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, so this is good luck comes home at 530 takes his clothes off puts the gym Stefan goes in there and he's in there for how long.
Jaime C: Hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two hours.
Jaime C: I'd say probably three or four hours at least
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he married
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes, three kids now.
Jaime C: It's got a third one on the way. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, he has to be doing something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just laying with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's a fancy word for people that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's called sublimation.
Gwenevere Abriel: We it's an actual thing and in our culture. You know, it's the most advanced the most right you know evolved of all of our, you know, defense mechanisms and, you know, no one notices it they they call a ma. Well, you're such a little workaholic, hee, hee, hee, hee, hee.
Gwenevere Abriel: But nobody says
Gwenevere Abriel: You're an at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I might
Gwenevere Abriel: I might say, hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder how that's affecting your relationship. I wonder what you're doing to your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that's a lot. There's doesn't seem to be striking a balance in there. And typically we hear it through complaints from a spouse, saying, Hey, what about me or the kids are like, DAD, WHERE'S DAD, WHERE'S DAD, WHERE'S DAD COME play
Gwenevere Abriel: With us hear it out here, but for him to tell you that there's a problem is unlikely you'd ever hear it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that doesn't mean that alcohol work a holic workaholic right makes sense if you've heard that term.
Gwenevere Abriel: And going and exercising excessively, those are ways to cope
Gwenevere Abriel: We can overdo anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how, like, you know, nobody is going to give him a medication because he's working too much going to the gym too much or they might make a fuss about the alcohols, maybe something happened that caught his attention he reach handled it somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that already, you know it, but he doesn't. He's remained sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Judgmental about it. You know what it does make me wonder though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like I should do my whole session today upside down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm there 50% of the time I'm. It makes me think, well, if I busy and I'm blaming you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then the whole topic doesn't have to come up and I don't have to think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I had if I talked to my sister about her addiction. If I didn't just just clean sweep just summarily say she's just week or whatever his summary is, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he doesn't have to look at his own vulnerability. He doesn't have to think about the memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is, I think, additional way to look at what he's doing versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Your the problem.
Jaime C: Yeah, I can see them.
Jaime C: I know the only thing that he's ever said about it. Was he said that he feel the way it has changed him, he said was that he doesn't like
Jaime C: being touched. I guess like he my uncles and stuff will give him a hug, and he doesn't like it. He said,
Jaime C: But I guess that was kind of off.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's all mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: On subject.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number. I said, it's going to show up through the relationships. Yeah, you're telling me he doesn't want to be touched by uncle's imagine my wife. Imagine by children.
Gwenevere Abriel: He would be would not be so sure that there are not effects because, look who's telling the story I'd be more interested in what wife is has to say.
Jaime C: Right. And she's very timid and soft spoken and very sweet. So I don't shoe and even
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 not gonna say anything. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so he hasn't completely isolated. He can he can be right rigid got a soft spoken spouse know then you never going to confront
Jaime C: Yeah, and he's been very mean he's very
Jaime C: Like my whole our whole lives. He was super awkward when you'd give him a hug or something. He's very awkward very
Jaime C: Like anything. It was kind of he would laugh it off or joke behind you know like serious situations that kind of stuff. But I feel like as he's getting older, he's becoming a hell of a lot softer.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had to guess, would you say
Gwenevere Abriel: That if you were on the phone with your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the reason you don't kind of chat about the struggle with addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or chemical dependency know this word play but
Gwenevere Abriel: Is because
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your embarrassment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or because
Gwenevere Abriel: You're protecting him in some way.
Jaime C: Probably. I mean, I can see both situations you know I've always been
Jaime C: The black sheep of the family. And it's always been very easy for them to blame everything on me because I'm the addict, um,
Jaime C: But now that I'm 1200 miles away from my family and I've been clean for years.
Jaime C: They still have the same issues they still have the same problems, they still my other two sisters are always fighting like crazy. My mom's always cold and it's still the same issues so
Jaime C: I don't, I guess I don't
Jaime C: I don't know. We haven't really talked enough to know that.
Jaime C: At this point,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the worst.
Jaime C: The worst thing.
Yeah.
Jaime C: Far away just I will believe that he doesn't want a relationship ever again and doesn't have faith, it'll stay clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Has he ever come
Jaime C: Yo yos like Al
Tell me.
Jaime C: Like when when I was in active addiction. He refused to talk to me refused it. Even when
Jaime C: Even when I was in the hospital. My daughter died. He's wouldn't talk to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, that's a big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you guys process that
Gwenevere Abriel: So he can hear himself explain his fear.
No.
Jaime C: Nothing's ever been talked about ever he's, you know, we've gotten to arguments and then he will shut somebody when he's mad at somebody who will shut you out and he will not talk to you for years.
Jaime C: And then all the sudden
Jaime C: I mean, slowly, he'll start coming back into your life and nothing just nothing's ever talked about, it's just
Jaime C: I feel like he's going to regret that there's been a lot of years where him and I haven't been in each other's lives because he's just stubborn.
Jaime C: That's crazy. You can't go back. You can't get that time back
Gwenevere Abriel: If it meant that again.
Jaime C: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Burden was on you to be strong again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it is
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we think
Gwenevere Abriel: The man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shuts people out is the strong one. But
Gwenevere Abriel: You're the one that's wrong because you're going to sit with the feelings.
Jaime C: Yeah, I can 100% see that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it meant that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Decided to do it again to be the strong one.
Gwenevere Abriel: To lead the way to show him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you can actually live with profound grief.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it doesn't work you out.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it turns out that
Gwenevere Abriel: This sort of legacy for you is I can now talk about daughter father
Gwenevere Abriel: This this this history, and I don't fall apart. It doesn't define who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if that might change what he feels like he can live with what he might start to experiment sitting with some uncomfortable feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you guys might have more connection you guys might have a close friendship.
Gwenevere Abriel: If, however, gets
Gwenevere Abriel: You're so angry about him not being a friend during that time period.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unlikely that that would happen.
Jaime C: I don't think I'm angry at him. It's just hurtful. Hmm. I love my brother, more than anything, and I just want us to have a good relationship.
Jaime C: It's just there's still things in the past, but just heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and Mike My guess is that hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: He probably senses. It doesn't want to own it doesn't want to talk about it doesn't want to hear from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're hurt because maybe he couldn't pull it together. He couldn't be there for you as a brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: When he could have been
Gwenevere Abriel: His ways to work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of You, you, you have a fair shot at a similar coping skill to you kind of dive into work.
Gwenevere Abriel: keep yourself busy with down
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if he cuts himself off and ways also with intimacy and friendships wonder sometimes he feels that same kind of isolation and maybe loneliness even
Gwenevere Abriel: In hiding who he is like the full scope.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Jaime C: I could see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm opening up your note again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at the goals that you've set
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to continue to work through the impact of childhood molestation and we've had some distance associated with work insurance scheduling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's let's do a little update on this goal, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear from you how you assess how
Gwenevere Abriel: You're working through how that's going
Jaime C: Well, I feel
Jaime C: Like I can think about it now and it doesn't
Jaime C: Like I don't notice any physical reaction when I'm thinking about it. Now that you know the day that we
Jaime C: I mean, I don't even know what we would call it, but where we were in that room. Yeah, my dad there. And I mean, and we had pictured him just acknowledging that I feel like since then. Things have just been completely different when it comes to that. It just feels lighter
Jaime C: It's and I keep thinking about how it just seems so crazy to me that
Jaime C: I just needed my parents to acknowledge that
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it. So let me, let me tell you some psychology about why it probably feels so profound
Gwenevere Abriel: People can be physically hit. We can be emotionally exploited. We can be sexually abused you can really damage the physical body.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it is next level emotionally traumatizing
Gwenevere Abriel: When me
Gwenevere Abriel: As I'm developing, especially the earlier that this happens. So if I'm really young to have an invalidating environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what that looks like is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: That psychological impact of not being seen known
Gwenevere Abriel: Is profoundly negatively impactful forever like this attachment, the importance of attachment. That's what it gets to
Gwenevere Abriel: Is critical to interpersonal relationships, how we relate to ourselves self esteem confidence and going out into the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am monumentally amazed at your accomplishments. When I think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only was this invalidation chronic throughout life. And I'm wondering if because your dad had this ability to see you, love you and really see you that balanced it in the absence of that if it had just been an invalidating mother and on top of that this this violation. History
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what
Gwenevere Abriel: The job you do i just i i am i'm grateful that your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: There.
Jaime C: Need to
Gwenevere Abriel: So it doesn't surprise me in the anchor room that that you created that you know that that that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he's been your anchor. He's what's I probably been what's kept you from going cuckoo bird. Yeah.
Absolutely, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Concert
Gwenevere Abriel: Ritual relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Why do I need
Gwenevere Abriel: To be acknowledged for something right now. Why is this so strong for me right now is the subject matter really that critical. No, it's the fact of the matter that this person understand me. Believe me, and acknowledge
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be something. The next time you sort of and it could be going on with Brother could be going on the sun because you don't have like a whole bunch of contact with different folks right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could happen with a boss, like I really need you to hear me. You know, I can show up there in a really big way. Because of that, that history.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I should get it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know I you know the the why. Why would this
Gwenevere Abriel: So impactful. Why would carry my dad say these things feel so good and it didn't undo the the abuse. It's still there. There it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: But now you believed. Now, someone can see you in your hurt. They don't run away from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't dismiss it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can hold the truth. And then we can let go of the impact we can let go, that there's some big horrible that I'm broke and then there's something wrong with me. No, it's in your imagination right in that imagery does like right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't go anywhere.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Jaime C: felt really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you get to feel lighter
Jaime C: Yes. Yeah, it's amazing how much lighter. I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like me to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: This particular goal. I can leave it right where it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be just something I've done it every month I touched lightly on it and you can tell me, is it showing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not. And we can leave it there and then I'll just keep checking in on it every month.
Jaime C: Yeah, definitely do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll see see what's needed along the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then
Didn't work, try to
Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about this one, continue to work through grief process.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing around that.
Jaime C: Good grief with my dad or my daughter, or both.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you wrote, you said the goal. So I didn't force a name in right. This was you
Gwenevere Abriel: Now some of your notes you talked about. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got in August last year so ahead has been difficult with my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: His heart was racing very fast and put in one Hartman's he didn't like how it made them feel and he had a stroke. I was there with him was making fun of him as if
Gwenevere Abriel: You were hung over, he's
Gwenevere Abriel: A bit I know I write notes. We're going to do just to take him to the ER his PT for had physical therapy for a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I moved into pregnant was an abusive relationship age 21 nine months pregnant, the time felt shocking to see Dad breakdown is six five feet tall. Huge man.
Gwenevere Abriel: I showed him my ultrasound of the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had to. I had been smacked around right before he died, and I did not go see him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad was all about family close family all that was over with him. My mom was destroyed, went to treatment in 2013 worked on the grief. I was there for six months then felt better and didn't have that sinking ache in my chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then in October. I wrote a little note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client reports a weight has been lifted it helped talking about dad, the pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not in the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: In January, you mentioned denied having intruding thoughts, aside from the holidays. So those are the only things that got around that. So whether it's about daughter. Father, I don't know, because you didn't narrow it we can if you want me to. I can change whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so what what came up for you.
Jaime C: Um,
Jaime C: Well, I didn't notice that I when you started talking about being an abusive relationship.
Jaime C: And going and seeing my dad. Definitely. I had an emotional reaction to it for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's still now caring about it, right. So what was the thought of that went with that I'm going to do relationship. I didn't see my Dad, what's the, what's the thought just now.
Jaime C: I just feel guilty or I feel terrible. I feel bad because my dad hated my son's god he did not want me with him. And all I did was lied to my dad about how he wasn't hitting me and
Jaime C: And then I could, I didn't go see him on his last day on this earth because I didn't want him to see my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think we'll keep this goal. Sounds like we need some more time to kind of process that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams. I'll make a little note down here of swag Sunday on
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine. Okay, you feel any feeling proud.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Jaime C: almost halfway from wherever you down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Wow. That is neat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Pencil has gone where
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knows, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: So there we go. So now I know you're you're balancing financial stuff with this. So you tell me what you want.
Jaime C: Um,
Jaime C: Well, I thought what I thought we were doing every other week, a group and then one on one group went on one
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine. So next week you'll go to group.
Jaime C: On on
Gwenevere Abriel: April 7
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's me just say, Geez here and then I probably let's see we got
Gwenevere Abriel: April 13 that would put you and I in April 13
Jaime C: Perfect. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I will see you then. And for now, I would just take that guilt and let's just see what to have for your little distancing metaphor. What do you already have. You have
Gwenevere Abriel: This small river by grandma's house right
Jaime C: Yes.
Jaime C: Make that guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just sort of put it on a little leaf and see that guy just
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a float away while you stay there right on this on the riverbank my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can kind of picture grandma living with us right
Jaime C: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of stay there in that big sort of safe nurturing and wise space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do, do some breathing around that, as I
Gwenevere Abriel: Invite you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep busy this week can just hang out with your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, create some play time with him to his mom time
Jaime C: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Leave your girlfriend get let me have at least an hour, you know, getting
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you soon.
Jaime C: Great, thank you for. Bye.
Jessica.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, my zoom sessions. Can we can we both log out and log right back in.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, come right back.
Okay.